OnBase Workflow Designer
OnBase Workflow Designer

AST is seeking an OnBase Workflow Designer. This
role is responsible for providing business analysis
services with the overall objective of implementing
workflow solutions using Hyland OnBase software
and associated modules. If you are interested in the
OnBase Workflow Designer role and your
experience matches the job description below, we
encourage you to apply!
Responsibilities:
Practitioner in the OnBase workflow tool suite, to translate business needs into
OnBase solutions through collaboration with business management.
Identify and translate complex business requirements and processes into
structured workflow steps and decision points.
Develop and build solutions that leverage OnBase technologies to improve
operational effectiveness via improved service quality and efficiency.
Prepare required process and procedural specification documents, test plans,
end user training material, OnBase configuration document and production of
solution support documentation.
Conduct testing of workflow solutions in concern with business area SMEs to
ensure performance is designed; resolve any issues through formal Issue
Management.
Develop indexing for document types, keywords, and role-based permissions
from technical specifications/systems requirements documentation.
Design and develop Workflows from technical specifications/systems
requirements documentation.
Create Document Composition Templates and integrate with OnBase.
Develop plan for migration of business solutions into production environment and
support OnBase solution throughout migration process in collaboration with IT,
through formal Change Control Process.
Troubleshoot OnBase configuration, system integrations and security issues.
Act as administrator for OnBase tool for access provisioning, queue setup,
taxonomy maintenance and troubleshooting of related areas, excluding technical
environments and OnBase code.
OnBase Workflow Designer
OnBase Workflow Designer
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree or 3 – 5 years of equivalent work experience.
Experience in business analysis and documenting functional requirements
through process mapping and process design techniques.
Experience working within a collaborative team structure to achieve business
results with specific focus on the customer experience.
An understanding of workflow based logic and the ability to both understand a
business process from a workflow diagram, and to illustrate a written process
description as a workflow diagram.
Knowledge and experience running facilitated working sessions with identified
deliverables.
Able to thrive in a fast paced, deadline driven environment.
Speak and write with ease, clarity and impact, using a communication style
appropriate to the subject matter and audience.
Good at investigating situations or issues to get relevant information; adept at
asking probing questions to successfully obtain quality information.
Good collaboration skills, applied successfully within teams as well as across
other areas.
Knowledge of the Agile methodology for managing projects is an asset.
Knowledge of Object Oriented practices an asset
An understanding of formal change control procedures and disciplines.
